DEL-5987: add link for env variable STACK_DRIVER_LOGGING_ENABLED in w… (#728)
harness/developer-hub: docs/first-gen/firstgen-platform/techref-category/account-ref/delegate-ref/whitelist-harness-domains-and-ips.md

> Harness SaaS Delegates only need outbound access to the Harness domain name (most commonly, **app.harness.io)** and, optionally, to **logging.googleapis.com**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delegates in Harness SaaS environments require only outbound access to the Harness domain name (most commonly, **app.harness.io**) and, optionally, to **logging.googleapis.com**.
```

> The URL logging.googleapis.com is used to provide logs to Harness support. You can disable sending the logs to harness support by following documenation at https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/delegate-reference/delegate-environment-variables/#stack_driver_logging_enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The logging.googleapis.com URL is used to send logs to Harness support. You can disable this functionality by using the delegate `STACK_DRIVER_LOGGING_ENABLED` environment variable. For more information, see [Delegate environment variables](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/delegates/delegate-reference/delegate-environment-variables/#stack_driver_logging_enabled).
```
